Add documentation for the Cadence documentation generator (#1003)
onflow/cadence: docs/language/syntax.md

/* this is a // comment up to here */ this is not part of the comment */
```

### Documentation Comments

> Documentation comments (also known as "doc-strings" ro "doc-comment") are a special set of comments that would be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation comments (also known as "doc-strings" or "doc-comment") are a special set of comments that would be
```

> Documentation comments (also known as "doc-strings" or "doc-comment") are a special set of comments that would be
> processed by various tools to generate human-readable documentation for cadence programs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Documentation comments (also known as "doc-strings" or "doc-comment") are a special set of comments that can be
processed by tools, for example to generate human-readable documentation, or provide documentation in an IDE.
```

> processed by various tools to generate human-readable documentations for cadence programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processed by various tools to generate human-readable documentation for cadence programs.
```

> Single line doc-comments start with three slashes (`///`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doc-comments either start with three slashes (`///`) on each line,
or are surrounded by `/**` and `**/`.

```

> Single line doc-comments starts with three slashes (`///`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single line doc-comments start with three slashes (`///`)
```

```cadence

> /// This is a documnetation comment on a single line.
> /// Another documnetation comment line that is not executed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
/// This is a documentation comment for `x`.
/// It spans multiple lines.
```

let x = 1
```

> Multi-line doc-comments comments start with a slash followed by two asterisks (`/**`)
> ```cadence
> /** This is a documnetation comment
>  which spans multiple lines. **/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```cadence
/** 
  This is a documentation comment
  which also spans multiple lines.
**/
```
